---
toc: true
comments: true
title: Unit 1.3 Identifying and Correcting Errors
layout: post
description: These are my notes.
categories: [week7, collegeboard]
---

## Collegeboard 1.4

### Notes on 1.4 Daily Video 1
- It is an expectation that errors are part of the coding progress
- Types of errors:
    - Logic error: mistake in the algorithm
    - Syntax error: mistake in the coding language (ex: forgot semicolon in C++ or JavaScript)
    - Run-time error: program fails when running, aka "bug" (ex: dividing by zero)
    - Overflow error: calculation required outside of memory allocations

### Notes on 1.4 Daily Video 2
How to correct errors...
- Easiest error to correct is usually syntax error (IDE helps with this)
- Logic errors can be solved by using test cases, hand tracing (when dealing with loops)
- Extra output statements
- Debuggers
- Visualizations show graphs, images, color

### Notes on 1.4 Daily Video 3
- Programmers test test test test for inputs and outputs, use results to revise, refine, and improve the programs

### Hacks
- What errors may arise in your project?
    - Many syntax errors may arise in my project because I might not be fully familiar with the coding language of Python. Also, logic errors may arise because I have never designed a journal before or a similar application. Finally, errors with the display may occur because graphic formatting is not an area I am experienced in.
- What are some test cases that can be used?
    - Some test cases that can be used are to just create some journals and test if the ratings work and show up or not.
- Make sure to document any bugs you encounter and how you solved the problem.
    - If any bugs or issues come up, I can talk to my group, research online (ex: on forums like Stack Overflow), and also create a GitHub issue if the problem persists. I can also ask other classmates as well as Mr. Yeung for assistance.
- What are “single” tests that you will perform on your project? Or, your part of the project?
    - I will periodically run the code and see if it is displaying the right things I want it to based on what I have coded.
- As Hack Design and Test plan action … Divide these “single” tests into Issues for Scrum Board prior to coding. FYI, related tests could be in same Issue by using markdown checkboxes to separate tests.
    - Step 1: Code the interface and test to make sure it shows up
    - Step 2: Code the journal interface and test to make sure it shows up
    - Step 3: Code the lists and saving and test to make sure it saves

### Collegeboard Quiz
I completed the collegeboard quiz.

### Documentation for Group Final Project
My group's final project idea is to create a scheduling/planning website where you can plan out your events and schedule. We also want to add other features like mood tracking! It can be like a well-being app, related to journaling and psychology. It's like related to the Psychology and Good Life video we watched.

It is for an educational purpose because it'll help us develop our coding things. The project is able to be expanded and thus will hold our interest for 8 weeks because we can add additional features such as rating your productivity in the day, rating how happy you were, etc.

This project does have the potential for someone to use it beyond the 8 weeks because planning/scheduling is very important to people's lives.

This project does have potential for the Create Performance Task submission:
1. Program Purpose and Function
- The purpose of the program is to provide a platform in which users can schedule and plan out their day, as well as take into account their mindfulness and mental health.
2. Data Abstraction
- Information such as ratings and scales will be stored in lists, which demonstrates data abstraction.
3. Managing Complexity
- The list will have to contain the items to display.
4. Procedural Abstraction
- The procedures will involve creating events or tasks, or creating journal entries.
5. Algorithm Implementation
- Looping through days and months and years will require algorithm implementation.
6. Testing
- There can be functions such as "overview of your week" that need to call different values from different places.